>> Mike North: This should be a really
easy exercise because the solution's
already in the slide.
But I do wanna give you an opportunity
to try your hand at working with
iterators yourselves.
So we're going to build
a Fibonacci Generator.
Now we've already seen
what that looks like, but
this is a good ice-breaker exercise for
the day.
So what I wanna do is take 15 minutes to
just kind of wrap your head around this.
Particularly if you're still a little
bit hung up on the pausing execution and
if this still feels like
a really puzzling concept to you.
I would advise that you
do most of this exercise
inside Chrome devtools with a snippet,
like I was just doing.
So if you go to the sources tab,
on the left side one of the little
sidebar things says snippets.
You can create a new snippet.
Do your code in there.
The benefit is you can set breakpoints.
You're basically working within
a debuggable environment already.
And so
that'll help you step through things.
That being said,
we have an exercise with tests that assert
that your generator works properly.
And you're gonna run npm test fib.
Now I'm gonna give you
a suggested implementation
here because this is not
a big tech company interview.
We're not trying to quiz people and
figure out if they know the easy special
way to implement a Fibonacci algorithm.
What I do want you to see is if we look
at how things would look if we were
tracking two numbers ago, one number ago
in order to calculate the next value.
Because that's what the Fibonacci
sequence is, right?
The sum of the two previous
values is the next value.
If you look, you see diagonal lines
from the bottom left to the top right.
Those are all the same, right?
So the diagonal lines, if we start,
you see 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 5, 5.
And it would continue like that.
So sometimes people get stuck
on this starting condition,
where you pick the right initial
values for those variables,
such that you get those first two ones.
And this should give you some help as
to figuring out what those should be.
I don't want people to get stuck
on the Fibonacciness here.
This is about the generator function.